### Meeting Details

- **Date:** 08/05/2024
- **Time:** 17:00 - 18:30
- **Location:** Virtual - Zoom
- **Attendees:** Kunlun, Casey Zhao, Nicky, Stephanie, Austin Lee, Zubin

### Agenda

1. **File and Documentation Review**
   - **Objective:** Confirm possession of all relevant files among team members and identify any supplementary documents needed to be uploaded to GitHub by the deadline.
   - **Tasks:**
     - **File Verification:** Each team member verifies the files they are responsible for.
     - **Supplemental Materials:** Identify and assign the creation of any additional documents required for completeness.

2. **Frontend Updates and Technical Progress**
   - **Objective:** Discuss the recent structural changes in the frontend made by Kunlun and the integration of frontend and backend systems using JSON by Nicky.
   - **Tasks:**
     - **Presentation by Kunlun:** Explain the changes in the frontend architecture and their implications for future microservices deployment.
     - **Presentation by Nicky:** Demonstrate how the JSON method was used for connecting the frontend and backend.

3. **Audit 3 Presentation Preparation**
   - **Objective:** Outline the structure and content of the presentation for Audit 3.
   - **Tasks:**
     - **Discussion on Presentation Components:** Determine the key sections needed in the Audit 3 presentation.
     - **Assignment of Presentation Roles:** Assign team members specific parts to prepare and present.

### Discussion Topics

| Time          | Action Item                                   | Presenter      | Notes                                                        |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 17:00 - 17:30 | Review of Files and Documentation             | Austin         | Ensure all documents are accounted for and ready for GitHub upload. |
| 17:30 - 18:00 | Frontend Architecture and Backend Integration | Kunlun & Nicky | Discuss technical updates and demonstrations.                |
| 18:00 - 18:30 | Structuring the Audit 3 Presentation          | Stephanie      | Plan the components and flow of the upcoming Audit 3 presentation. |

### Action Items

- **All Team Members**: Verify personal possession of project files and identify any missing or supplementary documents required.
- **Kunlun and Nicky**: Prepare presentations on their respective updates to the frontend architecture and backend integration.
- **Documentation Team**: Coordinate the collection and upload of all verified and supplemental documents to GitHub by 09/05/2024.

### Decisions

- [x] Confirm the list of all documents and their current status with respect to GitHub upload requirements.
- [x] Approve the updated frontend architecture as discussed by Kunlun and the integration method implemented by Nicky.
- [x] Finalize the structure and content of the Audit 3 presentation, including the assignment of presentation roles.

