# Wk5-2 Team Meeting (21/03/2024 21:00-22:00)

## Meeting Details
- **Date:** 21/03/2024
- **Time:** 21:00 - 22:00
- **Location:** Remote
- **Attendees:** Stephanie Sun [Lead/Scribe], Ziyang Song, Austin Lee, Casey Zhao, Zubin Zubin, Kunlun Zhang 

## Agenda
1. **Review front-end documentation** 
   - Evaluate whether the back-end team can understand the front-end's operations based on the documentation.
   - Provide feedback on the current front-end documentation.

2. **Audit 2 Matrices inclusion** 
   - Output: Discuss outcomes achieved and their impact on the project.
   - Teamwork: Examine team collaboration, roles, and contributions.
   - Reflection: Reflect on the challenges and feedback received from Audit 1 (tutor, examiner, shadow team).
   - Decision Making: Discuss key decisions, their rationale, and outcomes.
   - Stakeholder Engagement: Provide an overview of stakeholder interactions, feedback, and their influence on the project.

3. **Assign Audit 2 tasks to each member** 
   - Encourage members to volunteer for each section, allowing them to choose the section they wish to discuss.

4. **Inquiries for Audit 2 and Questions for the Tutor During Tutorial Session**
   - Determine the questions we are going to ask during the tutorial session.



## Discussion topics

| Time                | Action Item                                             | Presenter        | Notes      |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|------------------|------------|
| 21:00 - 21:10             | Present the front-end documentation	                       | Zubin  | The back-end team does not fully understand the documentation. More clarification needed. |
| 21:10 - 21:45             | Discuss what each aspects need to present                  | Austin  & Stephanie  | Confirmation needed on specific presentation aspects. |
| 21:45 - 21:50           |  Asasign each task to memeber                                  | Ziyang   |   |
| 21:50 - 22:00           | Allocate all the questions that require asking during the tutorial session	                                                   | Stephanie      |         |


## Action items 
- @Zubin is required to revise the front-end documentation to enhance clarity. Specifically, the parameter descriptions should be removed and replaced with an overview of each function's purpose.
- During tomorrow's tutorial session, discuss with Elena to confirm presentation requirements, including:
   Output: Quick demo of the current work.
   Teamwork: Documentation of team roles, and a ticket system showing task distribution.
   Reflection: Scope of reflections and the process of logging them in the reflection log.
   Decision Making: Procedures for implementing new features, including team discussions and task distribution.
   Stakeholder Engagement: Documentation of tutorial sessions and key discussions.

- Each member is to complete their assigned section before Monday's meeting (25/03/2024):
   Ziyang: Output
   Stephanie: Reflection
   Austin: Stakeholder Engagement
   Kunlun: Decision Making
   Zubin: Elevator Pitch
   Casey: Teamwork

-  Allocate tasks related to the five elements (output, reflection, stakeholder engagement, decision making, teamwork) and consult with Elena to ensure alignment with project objectives. Document inquiries related to the decision log and reflection log for further discussion.

## Decisions 
- [ ] ZEach member should complete a draft of their slides. After consultation with Elena, they should begin working on these slides. At next Monday's meeting (25/03/2024), we will collectively review the slides and make any necessary adjustments for Audit 2.
- [ ] Z@Stephanie will compile all inquiries and confirm with Elena regarding Audit 2 preparations.
