# Reflection Log

This section serves as a comprehensive reflection journal documenting our team's insights, challenges, and solutions throughout the project lifecycle. Reflections originate from diverse sources within the team, including tutors, shadow team members, and self-assessments. Each reflection is accompanied by actionable decisions and actions taken or planned to address identified issues.

## Status Legend

- `DONE`: Reflection has been addressed, and necessary actions have been taken.
- `IN PROGRESS`: Reflection is actively being addressed.
- `NOT STARTED`: Reflection has been acknowledged but not yet addressed.

## Reflection Entries

| Reflection ID | Date       | Provider      | Category     | Content                                                                                       |                Reflection        | Participants    | Status  |
|---------------|------------|---------------|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|--------|--------------|
| 1 | 28/03/2024 | Ziyang  | Technical | Since our client is also our team spokeperson who propose this project, however the rest of member are not quiet familar with this project, how should we enable to understand the project in a short amount of time? | To address this, we need to develop comprehensive onboarding materials and conduct orientation sessions to familiarize new members with the project scope, goals, and client expectations. Additionally, if the memebr has any issues with undertanding the project, they should ask in our group chat as soon as possible,allowing Ziyang to assit out for the memebr to understand. | Team | Done |
| 2 | 04/03/2024 | Stephanie | Manager & Technical | How to ensure the assign task that has been completed by the member satisfy with the acceptance criteria? | Stephanie's question prompts us to reflect on our task management and quality assurance processes. It highlights the importance of ensuring that completed tasks align with the specified acceptance criteria. To address this, we need to establish clear guidelines for defining and validating acceptance criteria for each task. Additionally, implementing a peer review process can help validate task completion and ensure alignment with project requirements. | Team | Done 
| 3| 06/03/2024 | Team | Manageral | During ourteam meeting, we noticed that communication breakdowns were hindering our progress. Some team members were not actively participating in discussions, leading to misunderstandings.| We reflected on the importance of clear communication and decided to implement weekly check-ins to ensure everyone is on the same page. Additionally, we discussed strategies for encouraging open communication and active participation from all team members. | Team | Done |
| 4| 06/03/2024 | Tutor | Manageral |It has been reminded during the first tutorial, but we still forgot to invite our stakeholders to be able to access both platforms (Confluence and GitHub).	| After receiving the email from our tutor, we invited them as soon as possible. This incident serves as a reminder that although it's the team spokesperson's responsibility to invite stakeholders, all team members should also remind the spokesperson and confirm with them to prevent similar occurrences in the future.	 | Team | Done | 
| 5| 08/03/2024 | Examiner | Manageral | During the Q&A session of the audit, the examiner inquired about the distinctions between Google Site and our project.	| Our inability to provide a detailed explanation during the Q&A session highlighted a gap in our understanding of the project's unique value proposition compared to existing platforms. This reflection prompts us to conduct a thorough analysis of Google Site and our project to articulate clear differentiators. Moving forward, we will prioritize refining our understanding and communication of the project's distinct features to effectively address similar inquiries in the future.	| Team | Done |
| 6| 12/03/2024 | Team | Collaboration | How can we ensure they have the equal work time?  Do we need to reassign everything? What could be the cause of long time of work? |This discussion highlighted the importance of balancing workload distribution among team members to prevent disparities in work time. It prompted us to reconsider individual preferences and interests to optimize team productivity. Moving forward, the team spokesperson will engage in individual discussions to reassess roles and responsibilities accordingly.	 | Team | Done |  
| 7| 11/03/2024  | Team   |Manageral| From the feedback of Audit 1, we realized that there are a lot of documentations that have not been outlined, and team members have different opinions on what needs to be included in each section.	 | To address this, we will send the agenda to the tutor. This will enable the tutor to understand the current progress of the project, ask inquiries about areas that are unclear, and confirm if we are on the right track. Additionally, it was suggested by the tutor that we can email her to notify her of the current progress of the project, which will help achieve stakeholder engagement.	| Team| Done   |
| 8 | 11/03/2024 | Tutor | Manageral | Current communication tools as WeChat does not show the stakeholder any evidence of our communication | Upon realizing the limitations of using communication tools such as WeChat, which hinder stakeholder access, our team has decided to transition to the Github Discussions section. This platform will serve as our new space for discussing, releasing announcements, and conducting polls. By doing so, we aim to provide stakeholders with tangible evidence of our team communication.	 | Team |Done |
|9| 15/03/2024 | Team | Manageral | Our team does not have a management system to track the current progress to align with the milestone and does not show it has been assign to which memeber | As suggested by the tutor, we should utilise the Github Project to track the current progress to achieve the stakeholer enable to track the progress and assign the per reviewer to align with the reflection scope. | Team | Done |
| 10 | 15/03/2024 | Stephanie | Manageral | What does need to provide in decision log? As in the current decision log, it all major decisions, however, we should have several medium and minor decision but its not logged in | Upon this realization, we clarified with all team members what constitutes a decision log entry and how to categorize decisions into different categories.	 | Team | Done | 
| 11| 15/03/2024  | Kunlun   | Technical  | During the deployment process, we encountered issues arising from incorrect upload paths for React build files, resulting in deployment failures.	| we updated the upload configurations and conducted thorough testing to ensure the correctness of file paths. Next time, member should immediately ask for help when they encounter issue so it allows to provide more ideas.  | Kunlun,Stephanie |Done |
| 12  | 20/03/2024  | Ziyang  | Technical | Following the restart of AWS servers, we encountered disruptions in server access due to IP address changes resulting from the absence of Elastic IP binding.	| To mitigate this issue, Elastic IPs were configured for AWS servers to ensure consistent IP addresses | Ziyang,Kunlun   | Done  |
| 13 | 22/03/2024 | Team | Manageral | Unable to access Confluence, thus, unable to update any documents and unable to access any documents.	 | Due to Confluence did not notify us of the switch to a $7 per month subscription plan or the expiration of the free plan, Ziyang and Stephanie will  rewriting the documentations to prepare for the upcoming Audit 2. Additionally, we have decided to transition to GitHub since it is a free platform and already houses our coding and ticketing system. | Team | Done  |
| 14 | 29/03/2024 | Shadow Team | Manageral | During Audit 2,shadow team is concerned about the ethical aspects of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) in our projects and operations. As we integrate AI into various aspects of our work, it is crucial to address and uphold the highest ethical standards to ensure responsible use and development. | It's critical that we should conduct relevant researches on the ethical aspects on implement AI and record these researches as a document to show as part of the evidence. | Team | Done  |
| 15 | 29/03/2024 | Examiner | Manageral | During Audit 2, Liang arises the topic of Devin, which is the first AI model and mentioned that we should take some time on conduct researches on Devin and find alternatives if it can apply to our project | It's cruica that we understand the arichtecture behind Devin and consider how it can be applied to our project. Also, the research that we've discovered should be recorded in documentation | Team | Done |
| 16 | 05/04/2024 | Stephanie | Manageral | In the main repoistory, it's been discovered that most of the comments are in Chinese. This would result in other memebr and stakeholder unable to understand the purpose of function| All comments should be translated into English and more specific comments should be commented for these main function| Team | Done |
| 17 | 05/04/2024 | Team | Manageral | There  should be more commitments to the repositiory, as in the current stage, the main branch is way behind than the other branch. There's several sub-branches open and completed but has not yet merge to the main branch | Effective branch management in version control is crucial for maintaining a clear, organized workflow and ensuring that code changes are integrated smoothly and efficiently. The teams requires to planning and consistent naming conventions, as well as a strategy for merging and reviewing changes to minimize conflicts and ensure the stability of the main development line. | Team | Done | 
| 18 |  12/04/2024 | Stephanie  | Collaboration| It seems that some meeting minutes are uploaded and recorded way behind the team meeting time, thus, leads to some of the taks that has been discussed and decided has not record in the decision log.  | After the team meeting ends, the scribe should record these important tasks and actions immediately and upload it to the GitHub. This ensures all the discussed items has been recorded properly. | Team | Done | 
| 19 |  14/04/2024 | Stephanie |  The project does not include a user story map, which is an important tool to help the team understand why users benefit from using our platform/application. | Each member should plan and create few stories. During the next team meeting, we should  discuss the user story map, ensuring all members understand its importance and purpose. Thus, it allows us to set the priority with these TODO issues | Team | Done | 
| 20  | 16/04/2024  | Austin  | Manageral | when transferring the file from Atlassian to GitHub, we keep using the same documentation name which keep the sepcial character '|', however in GitHub, this seems to have alternative meaning and does not pop up with some of the browsers. | In order to enable all the browsers are able to view the documentation, we should renames these documentation, allowing all users about to view the documentation properly. | Ziyang  | Done | 
| 21  | 19/04/2024  | Kunlun | Technical | There exists several bugs in these completed issues, these completed functions seems has not been tested by the author. The peer reviewer seems did not look through the impleemnted functions properly and simply leave a comment and close the issues. | The author should test the issues before assigned it to the peer reviewer and the peer reviewer should carefully look through the function and leaves comments that provides valuable feedbacks. | Team  | Done | 
| 22  | 23/04/2024  | Stephanie | Manageral | For the project videoshowcase, we should all consider the storyboard before attending the meeting instead of rely on some of the members work to create the video  | Everyone should participate in the creation of the video as either provide suggestions or ideas on how should we implement the video. | Team  | Done | 
| 23  | 26/04/2024  | Tutor | Manageral | In real industry, the status board for the ticketing system should not just simply be these three, there should be more sections in the status board | We should update the status board in the ticketing system by adding more sections i.e: peer review, before the issue is done it should be firstly assign to the status of peer review and allow other members to clearly monitor what the tasks that has not been reviewed and etc. | Team  | Done | 
| 24  | 01/05/2024  | Team | Manageral |Some of the ticketing system's issues are not associated with the milestones and missing labels, making it difficult to track progress.|It is recommend that the author who opened up the issue to assign the issues into relvant milestone and also label the issue into relvatn category, this allowing the other memebrs to easily undersstand the purpose of this issue.| Team  | In progress | 
| 25 | 03/05/2024  | Tutor | Video | For the video showcase, the target person is not really these technical expert and would like to listen the explanation of architecture desings and the purpose of technology impleemntation. | We should modify the video content and change the target audient to these marketing, saleperson, conduct some research by watching some commerical advertisements, understand their needs. This enabling to attract these non-technical person| Team  | Done | 
| 26 | 03/05/2024  | Stephanie | Documentation | While review the team meeting minutes for Week 9, I realise that there exists date erros in all Week 9's meeting | In the next meeting, we should mention that the authoor should check the details of the meeting minutes before uploading the team meeting minutes, reduces the changes that leads error in review what's the action for this week. | Stephanie  | Done | 
|  27 | 06/05/2024  | Ziyang  | Manageral | When I create a new issue in the ticketing system, I always forgot which category does these alphabet letters represent | To clear these alphabet leeters and allow all members to easily memorise, we've conducted a documentation that record and provide description of what does each alphabet letter represents. | Stephanie  | Done
|  28| 08/05/2024  | Team  | Manageral | In the Audit week, we always have 3 or even more meetings, however, it seems most of the meeting are inefficient as some of the member has not prepare of what requires to present to othr memebers during the meeting.  | Each memeber should be prepared and aware of to complete with their assing tasks in the Audit. This allows to reduce the amount of time to conduct meeting before the Audit | Stephanie  | Done






